All right, so let's talk
about the Oracle codes
used for the various exams.
So, yes, Oracle does use weird
coding or exam designations.
They've got the 1Z0-808,
1Z0-815, 1Z0-816, and
10Z-819 to name just a few.
Now, I've got no idea who
came up with these codes, but
here's what you need to know.
Firstly, 10Z-819 is the designation
or code for the current Java 11 exam.
And you can see that I've got a link
on screen now showing this page for
the Java SE Developer 1Z0-819 exam.
Now, if you've got no current
Java certification, you'll
need to set the 1Z0-819 exam.
Forget about all the
other codes in that case.
Now, as you can see there,
scrolling down you can see that
number of questions is 50 and
you've got 90 minutes to answer
them, and the passing mark is 68%.
So, you get 68% and
you are Java certified.
You can see clearly that's talking
about Java 11 all across this page.
Now, if you've got previous Java
certification, perhaps Java 6, 7,
or 8, you can set an upgrade exam.
I want to just quickly show you that.
When I fill up a new page
or a new tab rather, I'll
paste in another link here.
You can see this is an upgrade exam,
if you're already an existing Oracle
certified professional for Java
6, 7, or 8 and you want to upgrade
to the Java SE 11 certification.
So as you can see, if we scroll down
a little bit there, the pass mark's
only 61%, but there are 80 questions
and you get 180 minutes to pass them.
Now, this might change because, at
face value, it doesn't make a lot
of sense to sit this upgrade exam.
The price seems to be the same
and there are more questions.
Even though, you have got
longer to actually answer them.
The bottom line though is if you
do decide to set the 1Z0-817 exam,
you need to already be certified in
a previous version - 6 or higher.
Now obviously, this page could
update, so it may well be changed
by the time you get to watch this
video, but that's the current status.
But whether you are previously
Java certified, or not, this
course and its other companion
course will collectively give
you all the information you need
to become Java 11 certified.
All right, so moving on now, I want
to briefly discuss JDK vendors, and
whether you need to use Oracle's
official version of the JDK, or not.
More on that in the next video.